Procurement is the acquisition of goods or services
for the organization.
It typically involves market research and contracting,
including negotiation and buying.
It also includes providing internal customer service,
staying within budget, and ensuring that goods and services
are available in the right quantity and quality
at the right time and place.
Basic procurement may be limited
to actual buying of goods and services,
staying within budget,
and ensuring that goods and services are available
in the right quantity and quality
and at the right time and place.
Perhaps the biggest difference
between government and industry
is that government agencies
have special federal regulations
that require a diverse base of suppliers.